README.md, before:

# Flock It

Flock It is a multi-agent trading system that uses LLM-powered agents to analyze market conditions and execute trades based on various trading strategies. The system employs a base agent that coordinates multiple specialized strategy agents, each implementing different trading approaches.

## Features

### Agent Architecture

🤖 Base Strategy Agent with configurable LLM model (default: Claude 3.5 Sonnet)

🔄 Multiple specialized trading strategies:
- Momentum Trading
- Mean Reversion
- Breakout Detection
- Algorithmic Trading
- News Event Trading
- Swing Trading
- Trend Following

📊 Dynamic strategy activation based on market conditions

💡 Intelligent parameter optimization and risk management

**Design Flowchart**
```mermaid
flowchart TB
    subgraph Strategy Manager
        BA[Base Agent<br>Claude 3.5 Sonnet] --> SM[Strategy Manager]
        SM --> |Highlights| NB[News]
        SM --> |Highlights| TAB[Market Sentiment]
        SM --> |Price Data| AAB[Alchemy API]
        NB & TAB & AAB --> AS[Active Strategies]
    end
    
    subgraph Trading Strategies
        AS --> |May Activate| MO[Momentum<br>Trading] 
        AS --> |May Activate| MR[Mean<br>Reversion]
        AS --> |May Activate| BR[Breakout<br>Detection]
        AS --> |May Activate| AL[Algorithmic<br>Trading]
        AS --> |May Activate| NE[News Event<br>Trading]
        AS --> |May Activate| SW[Swing<br>Trading]
        AS --> |May Activate| TR[Trend<br>Following]
    end

    subgraph Agent Analysis
        subgraph "Per Agent Data Processing"
            API[Alchemy API]
            NWS[News Data]
            TA[Technical<br>Analysis]
        end

        MO --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
        MR --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
        BR --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
        AL --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
        NE --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
        SW --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
        TR --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
    end
    
    subgraph Signal Aggregation
        MO & MR & BR & AL & NE & SW & TR --> |Feed Analysis| MC[Market<br>Conditions]
        MC --> |Generates| TS[Trading<br>Signals]
        TS --> |Feeds back to| SM
    end
    
    subgraph Execution
        SM --> |Coordinates| TD[Trade<br>Decisions]
        TD --> |Executes| TR1[Trades on<br>Uniswap V2/V3]
    end
```

### Strategy Implementations

Base Agent: Coordinates strategy selection and manages overall trading decisions

Strategy-Specific Agents:

- Mean Reversion: Uses statistical deviations from moving averages
- Momentum: Analyzes short and long-term price movements
- Algorithmic: Combines multiple technical indicators
- Trend Following: Uses moving averages and momentum indicators
- Breakout: Identifies price breakouts with volume confirmation
- News Event: Analyzes market impact of news events
- Swing: Trades between support and resistance levels

### Trading & Execution:

⚡ Real-time market data analysis using Alchemy API

🔄 Ethereum Sepolia testnet support

💹 Automated trade execution via Uniswap V2/V3

📈 Risk management with configurable position sizes and stop-losses

### Prerequisites
[Same as base README](https://github.com/chain-ml/alphaswarm?tab=readme-ov-file)

### Getting Started
1. Installation

   [Same as base README](https://github.com/chain-ml/alphaswarm?tab=readme-ov-file)

2. API Keys Setup

   Before running the framework, you'll need to obtain several API keys:

   - LLM API KEY:

     - [Anthropic API Key](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/api/getting-started) if using Claude models (default)

   - Blockchain Access:

      - [Alchemy API Key](https://www.alchemy.com/api) (required for blockchain data)
      - RPC URLs from [Alchemy](https://docs.alchemy.com/reference/api-overview)
      - Ethereum Sepolia testnet RPC URL
      - Ethereum Wallet Address
   - Ethereum Private Key

   - News Access:

     - [Cookie Fun API Key](https://cookiefun.com/api)

3. Environment Configuration
Create your environment file:
```
cp .env.example .env
```
Sample .env file
```
# LLM Configuration
ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=your_anthropic_api_key

# Blockchain Access
ALCHEMY_API_KEY=your_alchemy_api_key

# New Access
COOKIE_FUN_API_KEY=your_cookie_fun_api_key

# Ethereum Configuration
ETH_RPC_URL=your_ethereum_mainnet_rpc
ETH_SEPOLIA_RPC_URL=your_sepolia_rpc
ETH_WALLET_ADDRESS=your_wallet_address
ETH_PRIVATE_KEY=your_private_key

# Logging Configuration
LOG_LEVEL=INFO  # DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR, CRITICAL
LOG_FORMAT=%(asctime)s - %(name)s:%(lineno)d - %(funcName)s - %(levelname)s - %(message)s
```

### Running the Bot
To start the trading agents:
```   
make run-agents
```
For additional information or if you encounter any issues, please refer to the base [README](https://github.com/chain-ml/alphaswarm?tab=readme-ov-file)

### Demo

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/09e7f146-252d-4169-a9e2-f8df7921273f

Commit message:

Add link to agent minted on olas registry in readme

README.md, after:

# Flock It

Flock It is a multi-agent trading system that uses LLM-powered agents to analyze market conditions and execute trades based on various trading strategies. The system employs a base agent that coordinates multiple specialized strategy agents, each implementing different trading approaches.

## Features

### Agent Architecture

🤖 Base Strategy Agent with configurable LLM model (default: Claude 3.5 Sonnet)

🔄 Multiple specialized trading strategies:
- Momentum Trading
- Mean Reversion
- Breakout Detection
- Algorithmic Trading
- News Event Trading
- Swing Trading
- Trend Following

📊 Dynamic strategy activation based on market conditions

💡 Intelligent parameter optimization and risk management

**Design Flowchart**
```mermaid
flowchart TB
    subgraph Strategy Manager
        BA[Base Agent<br>Claude 3.5 Sonnet] --> SM[Strategy Manager]
        SM --> |Highlights| NB[News]
        SM --> |Highlights| TAB[Market Sentiment]
        SM --> |Price Data| AAB[Alchemy API]
        NB & TAB & AAB --> AS[Active Strategies]
    end

    subgraph Trading Strategies
        AS --> |May Activate| MO[Momentum<br>Trading]
        AS --> |May Activate| MR[Mean<br>Reversion]
        AS --> |May Activate| BR[Breakout<br>Detection]
        AS --> |May Activate| AL[Algorithmic<br>Trading]
        AS --> |May Activate| NE[News Event<br>Trading]
        AS --> |May Activate| SW[Swing<br>Trading]
        AS --> |May Activate| TR[Trend<br>Following]
    end

    subgraph Agent Analysis
        subgraph "Per Agent Data Processing"
            API[Alchemy API]
            NWS[News Data]
            TA[Technical<br>Analysis]
        end

        MO --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
        MR --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
        BR --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
        AL --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
        NE --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
        SW --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
        TR --> |Uses| API & NWS & TA
    end

    subgraph Signal Aggregation
        MO & MR & BR & AL & NE & SW & TR --> |Feed Analysis| MC[Market<br>Conditions]
        MC --> |Generates| TS[Trading<br>Signals]
        TS --> |Feeds back to| SM
    end

    subgraph Execution
        SM --> |Coordinates| TD[Trade<br>Decisions]
        TD --> |Executes| TR1[Trades on<br>Uniswap V2/V3]
    end
```

### Strategy Implementations

Base Agent: Coordinates strategy selection and manages overall trading decisions

Strategy-Specific Agents:

- Mean Reversion: Uses statistical deviations from moving averages
- Momentum: Analyzes short and long-term price movements
- Algorithmic: Combines multiple technical indicators
- Trend Following: Uses moving averages and momentum indicators
- Breakout: Identifies price breakouts with volume confirmation
- News Event: Analyzes market impact of news events
- Swing: Trades between support and resistance levels

### Trading & Execution:

⚡ Real-time market data analysis using Alchemy API

🔄 Ethereum Sepolia testnet support

💹 Automated trade execution via Uniswap V2/V3

📈 Risk management with configurable position sizes and stop-losses

### Prerequisites
[Same as base README](https://github.com/chain-ml/alphaswarm?tab=readme-ov-file)

### Getting Started
1. Installation

   [Same as base README](https://github.com/chain-ml/alphaswarm?tab=readme-ov-file)

2. API Keys Setup

   Before running the framework, you'll need to obtain several API keys:

   - LLM API KEY:

     - [Anthropic API Key](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/api/getting-started) if using Claude models (default)

   - Blockchain Access:

      - [Alchemy API Key](https://www.alchemy.com/api) (required for blockchain data)
      - RPC URLs from [Alchemy](https://docs.alchemy.com/reference/api-overview)
      - Ethereum Sepolia testnet RPC URL
      - Ethereum Wallet Address
   - Ethereum Private Key

   - News Access:

     - [Cookie Fun API Key](https://cookiefun.com/api)

3. Environment Configuration
Create your environment file:
```
cp .env.example .env
```
Sample .env file
```
# LLM Configuration
ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=your_anthropic_api_key

# Blockchain Access
ALCHEMY_API_KEY=your_alchemy_api_key

# New Access
COOKIE_FUN_API_KEY=your_cookie_fun_api_key

# Ethereum Configuration
ETH_RPC_URL=your_ethereum_mainnet_rpc
ETH_SEPOLIA_RPC_URL=your_sepolia_rpc
ETH_WALLET_ADDRESS=your_wallet_address
ETH_PRIVATE_KEY=your_private_key

# Logging Configuration
LOG_LEVEL=INFO  # DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR, CRITICAL
LOG_FORMAT=%(asctime)s - %(name)s:%(lineno)d - %(funcName)s - %(levelname)s - %(message)s
```

### Running the Bot
To start the trading agents:
```
make run-agents
```
For additional information or if you encounter any issues, please refer to the base [README](https://github.com/chain-ml/alphaswarm?tab=readme-ov-file)

### Demo

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/09e7f146-252d-4169-a9e2-f8df7921273f

## OLAS

Agent is minted and can be found in the OLAS registry here: https://registry.olas.network/ethereum/agents/58
